Dude, I have heard something about you.
What?
You know what.
Did my mom tell you?
Yes. Well, she might not have told you that I was forced. Okay?
God man, she can’t keep anything to herself. She’s driving me crazy man.
She came to London ten days ago and took me to some friend's relative's place to see a girl: Neelu Aunty and Gogi Uncle’s daughter, Cookie.
I had decided that I would go, drink tea, say “thank you Uncle and thank you Aunty”, say “no”, and then leave
As soon as we took the first sip of tea, Cookie said “no”. (stuttering) So… you know…
What?
I mean so what, what is there?
(Laughing) What?! (Continue laughing) Come on man.
You went for an arranged marriage… and got rejected and came back?
I didn’t create an impression - you can’t! No no no no, now you are just saying it. I didn't want to impress her!
You have ruined the reputation of our group. Shut up, please stop it!
What reason was there to tell you?! What’s wrong with her?
Actually, aunty didn’t tell him anything. This is his new trick and you’re his latest trick’s victim.
Cheers. Cheers.